##### **25/03/2019  | Meeting Notes |  week 6**

#### - Discussed Topics
What licence we are going to use, take a look how everyone is doing with their features
#### - What we did last week:
Everyone worked on there own feature, or fixed things in the latest version of our program.

#### Tasks Delivered:
First steps of the new features

#### New important issues
Finishing user authentication.
Create GUI for solar panel feature
Finish the vegetarian meal feature completely
Licence our project

#### Additional Questions to TA: 
Edit settings to protect our repository in Gitlab