##### **01/04/2019  | Meeting Notes |  week 5**

#### - Discussed Topics
We discussed finally what features and how to implement them for Demo 3.

#### - What we did last week:
We worked on the authentication and started the needed features for the demo.

#### Tasks Delivered:
We kept up good with the SCRUM board issues.

#### New important issues
Fix errors generating failures in CI.
Refactoring overall.


#### Additional Questions to TA: 
No questions were asked.